<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by OpenOffice.org - see http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml for more info.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2009-09-09T09:39:55" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2009-09-09T09:47:48" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><base href="."/><style type="text/css">
	@page { size: 20.999cm 29.699cm; margin-top: 2cm; margin-bottom: 2cm; margin-left: 2cm; margin-right: 2cm }
	table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
	td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
	h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both }
	ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
	li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
	li span.odfLiEnd { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
	span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
	* { margin:0; }
	.P1 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Times New Roman; text-align:left ! important; }
	.P2 { font-size:11pt; font-family:TimesNewRomanPSMT; text-align:left ! important; font-weight:bold; }
	.P3 { font-size:11pt; font-family:TimesNewRomanPSMT; text-align:center ! important; font-weight:bold; }
	.P4 { font-size:11pt; font-family:TimesNewRomanPSMT; text-align:left ! important; font-weight:normal; }
	.P5 { font-size:11pt; font-family:TimesNewRomanPSMT; text-align:left ! important; font-style:italic; font-weight:normal; }
	.P6 { font-size:11pt; font-family:TimesNewRomanPSMT; text-align:left ! important; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; }
	.P7 { font-size:11pt; font-family:TimesNewRomanPSMT; text-align:left ! important; font-style:normal; font-weight:bold; }
	.P8 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Helvetica; text-align:left ! important; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; }
	.T1 { font-family:TimesNewRomanPSMT; font-size:11pt; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; }
	.T2 { font-family:TimesNewRomanPSMT; font-size:11pt; font-style:normal; font-weight:bold; }
	.T3 { font-family:ArialMT; font-size:11pt; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; }
	<!-- ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS -->
	{ }
	</style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:20.999cm;margin-top:2cm; margin-bottom:2cm; margin-left:2cm; margin-right:2cm; "><p class="P3">IKASAN ENTERPRISE INTEGRATION PLATFORM OPEN SOURCE PROJECT </p><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">CONTRIBUTOR’S AGREEMENT </p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P4"> </p><p class="P5">In order to clarify ownership of the intellectual property in all contributions to the project, all </p><p class="P5">contributors to the project must sign or accept the terms of this contributor agreement. The purpose of the </p><p class="P5">licence is to protect the rights of all contributors and to ensure that all contributions are made available </p><p class="P5">under the terms of the modified BSD licence (the “Licence”).  Acceptance of this Agreement does not </p><p class="P5">change your rights to use your contributions for any other purpose under the terms of the Licence. </p><p class="P6">  </p><p class="P1"><span class="T1">This contributor’s agreement (the “</span><span class="T2">Agreement</span><span class="T1">”) is entered into by Mizuho International Plc (“</span><span class="T2">the </span></p><p class="P1"><span class="T2">Copyright Holder</span><span class="T1">”) and the legal or natural person listed below (defined accordingly as “</span><span class="T2">You</span><span class="T1">” or </span></p><p class="P1"><span class="T1">“</span><span class="T2">Your</span><span class="T1">”). </span></p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P6">Full Name:  php_fullname        Email: php_email</p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P6">Address:       php_address1         Telephone: php_telephone</p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P6">                     php_address2</p><p class="P6"><span style="margin-left:0.988cm;"/> </p><p class="P6"><span style="margin-left:0.988cm;"/><span style="margin-left:0.988cm;"/> php_address3</p><p class="P8"> </p><p class="P6">Country:       php_country</p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P6">Your signature:  php_signature</p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P6">   </p><p class="P6">This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which You agree to contribute to the </p><p class="P6">development of the software project (including the contribution of source code, documentation and ideas) </p><p class="P6">owned by the Copyright Holder and deposited on the Ikasan project website at www.ikasan.org (the </p><p class="P1"><span class="T1">“</span><span class="T2">Software</span><span class="T1">”).   </span></p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P7">PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE AGREEING TO </p><p class="P7">THEM.  BY SIGNING OR CLICKING THE “I ACCEPT” BUTTON YOU AGREE THAT YOU </p><p class="P7">WILL BE BOUND BY AND WILL COMPLY WITH ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF </p><p class="P7">THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDING ALL SCHEDULES, REQUIREMENTS, AND GUIDELINES </p><p class="P7">THAT ARE INCORPORATED INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY REFERENCE.  IF YOU DO NOT </p><p class="P7">WANT TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT CLICK “I ACCEPT” OR SIGN THIS </p><p class="P7">AGREEMENT.  </p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P1"><span class="T1">1.</span><span class="T3"> </span><span class="T1">The Copyright Holder hereby grants You a licence to use the Software under the terms of the </span></p><p class="P6">modified BSD licence (the “Licence”).  A copy is available at http://www.ikasan.org/license. The </p><p class="P6">extent to which You are licensed to use the Software is strictly set out and limited to the terms of </p><p class="P6">the Licence and no other use of the Software is authorised pursuant to this Agreement. </p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P1"><span class="T1">2.</span><span class="T3"> </span><span class="T1">In consideration of the Licence granted to You pursuant to clause 1 above and the other </span></p><p class="P6">obligations on the Copyright Holder under this Agreement, You: </p><p class="P7"> </p><p class="P1"><span class="T1">2.1</span><span class="T3"> </span><span class="T1">agree that in relation to any developments, modifications or improvements to the </span></p><p class="P1"><span class="T1">Software that you submit to the Copyright Holder (the “</span><span class="T2">Works</span><span class="T1">”) to provide the </span></p><p class="P6">Copyright Holder with copies of the code that implements such Works together with a </p><p class="P6">complete and accurate list of all open source software incorporated or contained within </p><p class="P6">the Works; and  </p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P1"><span class="T1">2.2</span><span class="T3"> </span><span class="T1">hereby assign to the Copyright Holder, with full title guarantee free from all </span></p><p class="P6">encumbrances, Your rights, title and interest in and to the Works (including all </p><p class="P6">intellectual property rights subsisting in the Works). </p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P1"><span class="T1">3.</span><span class="T3"> </span><span class="T1">You hereby warrant that: </span></p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P1"><span class="T1">3.1</span><span class="T3"> </span><span class="T1">You are the sole owner of the all rights in the Works, which were your own original </span></p><p class="P6">creation and were not copied, in whole or in part directly or indirectly, from any third </p><p class="P6">party.  </p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P1"><span class="T1">3.2</span><span class="T3"> </span><span class="T1">You can legally grant the rights set out in this Agreement. </span></p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P1"><span class="T1">3.3</span><span class="T3"> </span><span class="T1">The exploitation of the Works by the Copyright Holder will not infringe and is not likely </span></p><p class="P6">to infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party. </p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P1"><span class="T1">4.</span><span class="T3"> </span><span class="T1">In consideration of the assignment of Your rights in the Works and Your compliance with the </span></p><p class="P6">other terms of this Agreement, the Copyright Holder agrees that it will make the Works available </p><p class="P6">for You and all other third parties to use under the terms of the Licence. </p><p class="P6"> </p><p class="P1"><span class="T1">5.</span><span class="T3"> </span><span class="T1">This Agreement shall be subject to the laws of England and Wales.  The parties hereby submit to </span></p><p class="P6">the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts in respect of any disputes under this Agreement. </p><p class="P6"> </p></body></html>